Docs: Ignore tests adjustments (#549)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/snapshotOptions/ignoring-elements.mdx

```ts title="src/components/NotFound.stories.ts|tsx"
// Adjust this import to match your framework (e.g., nextjs, vue3-vite)
import type { Meta, StoryObj } from "@storybook/your-framework";

/*
 * Replace the @storybook/test package with the following if you are using a version of Storybook earlier than 8.0:
 * import { within } from "@storybook/testing-library";
 * import { expect } from "@storybook/jest";
 */
import { expect, within } from "@storybook/test";

import { NotFound } from "./NotFound";

const meta: Meta<typeof NotFound> = {
  component: NotFound,
  title: "NotFound",
  parameters: {
    // Disables Chromatic's snapshotting on a component level
    chromatic: { disableSnapshot: true },
  },
};

export default meta;
type Story = StoryObj<typeof NotFound>;

export const Default: Story = {
  play: async ({ canvasElement }) => {
    const canvas = within(canvasElement);
    await expect(canvas.getByText("Page not found")).toBeInTheDocument();
  },
};
```

<ParamsCallout name="disableSnapshot" integration="storybook" />

> ### With E2E

Reviewer: We should use `Playwright & Cypress` instead of E2E

Author: I'm good with the update. Appreciate the suggestion

> ### With E2E

Author: That's even better

> By default, Chromatic's E2E integration runs tests and captures a snapshot at the end of each Playwright or Cypress test; either it passes or fails. However, if you've enabled targeted snapshots with [Playwright](/docs/playwright/targeted-snapshots) or [Cypress](/docs/cypress/targeted-snapshots) to pinpoint visual changes when the test reaches a specific point, you can opt out of the automated snapshotting process by enabling the `disableAutoSnapshot` configuration option. This is useful when capturing snapshots at specific points in your test, such as when a particular element is visible or when a specific action is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Chromatic's Playwright and Cypress integrations run tests and captures a snapshot at the end of each E2E test; either it passes or fails. However, if you've enabled targeted snapshots with [Playwright](/docs/playwright/targeted-snapshots) or [Cypress](/docs/cypress/targeted-snapshots) to pinpoint visual changes when the test reaches a specific point, you can opt out of the automated snapshotting process by enabling the `disableAutoSnapshot` configuration option. This is useful when capturing snapshots at specific points in your test, such as when a particular element is visible or when a specific action is performed.
```
